Add support for variable env vars (#84)
bitovi/github-actions-deploy-docker-to-ec2: README.md

## Environment variables

> For envirnoment variables in your app, you can provide 

Reviewer: `provide:`
As it is denoting a list

Author: Gotcha

>  - `repo_env` file in your repo
>  - `GH_vars` file in GitHub Variables
>  - `.env` file in GitHub Secrets
>  - `AWS Secret` in JSON format

Reviewer 2: the syntax of the code snippets is inconsistent (e.g. `repo_env` vs `GH_vars` vs `AWS Secret`.  I think consistency would be good here.  how about
```suggestion
 - `repo_env` - A file in your repo that contains env vars
 - `ghv_env` An entry in GitHub Action Variables
 - `dot_env` An entry in GitHub Secrets
 - `aws_secret_env` The path to a JSON format secret in AWS
```
